Update on README.md (#11980)
arduino/Arduino: README.md

> **Notice:** This repository is for the **old Arduino IDE** which is no longer in active development. For the latest version, please visit the [new Arduino IDE repository](https://github.com/arduino/Arduino-ide). This helps in maintaining focus and directing efforts where they are most needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Notice:** This repository is for **Arduino IDE 1.x** which is no longer in active development. For the latest version, please visit the [new Arduino IDE repository](https://github.com/arduino/arduino-ide).

```

- Replace "old Arduino IDE" with "Arduino IDE 1.x". "Old Arduino IDE" is ambiguous.
- Insignificant case correction in URL
- Remove superfluous sentence

## Bug reports and technical discussions

> -  *Before submitting your issue* please check if your issue is related to the **old Arduino IDE** (this repository) or the **new Arduino IDE**. If your issue is related to the new Arduino IDE, please report it at [this link](https://github.com/arduino/Arduino-ide/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  *Before submitting your issue* please check if your issue is related to **Arduino IDE 1.x** (this repository) or **Arduino IDE 2.x**. If your issue is related to Arduino IDE 2.x, please report it at [this link](https://github.com/arduino/arduino-ide/issues).
```
